[Core] Update Error Message and Anti-Pattern for the Case of Creating New Processes in Worker Processes (#50705)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/patterns/create-new-processes.rst

> Anti-pattern: Forking new Processes in Application Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anti-pattern: Forking new processes in tasks or actors
```

Author: Discussed offline. "Application Code" can include drivers, tasks, actors that inside the ray context. So will keep the "Application Code" in the subject and clarify it in the doc.

========================================================

> **Summary:** Don't fork new processes in application code. Instead, use "spawn" method 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Summary:** Don't fork new processes in tasks or actors. Instead, use "spawn" method 
```
